c:\users\sieuchip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\bin\Debug\QLSTHi.exe.config
c:\users\sieuchip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sieuchip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.FrmMenu.resources
c:\users\sieuchip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.FrmĐăngNhập.resources
c:\users\sieuchip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sieuchip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sieuchip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\bin\Debug\QLSTHi.exe
c:\users\sieuchip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\bin\Debug\QLSTHi.pdb
c:\users\sieuchip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.exe
c:\users\sieuchip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.pdb
c:\users\sieuchip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmHangHoa.resources
C:\Users\sieuchip\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmHuongDan.resources
C:\Users\sieuchip\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmBanHang.resources
C:\Users\sieuchip\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmHoaDon.resources
C:\Users\sieuchip\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmKhachHang.resources
C:\Users\sieuchip\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmNhanVien.resources
C:\Users\sieuchip\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmNhapHang.resources
C:\Users\sieuchip\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmThongKe.resources
C:\Users\sieuchip\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmTKBH.resources
C:\Users\sieuchip\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmTKNH.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\bin\Debug\QLSTHi.exe.config
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\bin\Debug\QLSTHi.exe
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\bin\Debug\QLSTHi.pdb
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmBanHang.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmHangHoa.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmHoaDon.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmHuongDan.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmKhachHang.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmMeNu.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmNhanVien.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmNhapHang.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmThongKe.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmTKBH.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmTKNH.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.frmĐăngNhập.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.exe
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\diep\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\QLSTHi\obj\Debug\QLSTHi.pdb
